When I am looking to buy a car on Craig's List, etc. and I find one of
interest, I, then want to personally check if the title is clean, the
ownerships, and if the car was ever in a reported accident. Then, if it looks
good, I will make an appointment to see it. In order for me to do this check, I
need the VIN number of the car which generally is included in their
advertisement. Your present ad didn't indicate the VIN number, so I suggest you
include it.

Examples: one car that I was interested in Craig's list, looked good from the
photos and the price was a couple of thousand dollars below Kelly Blue Book and
it had low mileage. Using the VIN number I checked and found out the car had
been in a big accident and repaired but the title would always indicate it. So,
I passed on it.

Another example, the Prius we bought, I checked it out and every thing looked
clean, but I learned from the Report that this was a leased car still owhed by
Toyota Finace. The seller did not have title to it. The seller's plan was that
the buyer's payment would be used to payoff Toyota Finance and later when he
got the ownership title he would gift over to me. I told him I would not do it
that way and that I suspected he would have the same obstacle with other
buyers. He worked it out with a car dealer to pay off Toyota Finance and the
car dealer sells the car to me. That is what we did. 

So, you see checking the VIN number for the vehicles status report is
important. If you send me your VIN number, I believe I still have access to
these Reports for another two weeks. I paid a $44 fee for this service for an
unlimited number of VIN based Reports for 30 days.

Dad
